Add Incremental=strict (#3060)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi/resources/man/mkosi.md

    Otherwise, these directories are picked up from the host.

`Incremental=`, `--incremental=`, `-i`
:   Takes either `strict` or a boolean value as its argument. Enables
    incremental build mode. In this mode, a copy of the OS image is created
    immediately after all OS packages are installed and the prepare scripts
    have executed but before the `mkosi.build` scripts are invoked (or
    anything that happens after it). On subsequent invocations of `mkosi`
    with the `-i` switch this cached image may be used to skip the OS package
    installation, thus drastically speeding up repetitive build times. Note
    that while there is some rudimentary cache invalidation, it is definitely

>     not perfect. In order to forcerebuilding of the cached image, combine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    not perfect. In order to force rebuilding of the cached image, combine
```
